Section 2 – Conduct of General Meetings

	All meetings shall have a Chair to conduct the meeting.  In order of priority,
  the Chair shall be:  the President, or the Vice President, or another member 
  of the Board of Directors designated by the President, or a BOD member chosen
  by the BOD if the President is absent without designating a substitute.  The 
  Chair may delegate his authority when necessary.  Control of the meeting rests
  with the Chair.  The Chair should:

	  be familiar with the Constitution and Bylaws of the GCCC, as well as the 
    duties of his/position;

	  know, and follow, the order of business for the conduct of the meeting;

	  conduct the meeting in accordance with accepted parliamentary procedure;

	  ensure that each member present has an opportunity to express his views but 
    is not allowed to abuse that right.

	All meetings shall have minutes taken by the Secretary if he is present.  
  Otherwise, the Chair shall appoint an attending Contributing Member as a 
  substitute for the task.  Within a reasonable time after the meeting this
  member shall forward his minutes to the Secretary for distribution and 
  archiving.

 	All meetings should be conducted in accordance with parliamentary procedure as
  interpreted by the Chair. Parliamentary procedure need not be followed 
  rigorously; the intent is for GCCC Meetings to be impartial and structured 
  without getting bogged down in procedure. The Chair has final say in all 
  decisions.
 
	Members may bring to GCCC Meetings friends and/or family members. However, 
  young children must be supervised by the Member who brings them. 

	Meetings may be conducted in the following order:

    Call to order by the Chair once the presence of a quorum has been determined
    by the Chair.  Failing the presence of a quorum, that fact shall be noted in
    the minutes.

		Secretary’s report:  verification and approval (with corrections if needed)
    of the minutes of the previous meeting

		Treasurer’s report:  financial summary covering the immediately prior 
    calendar month

		Optional reports from other appointed Directors or ad-hoc committees

		Old Business (tabled motions, or topics awaiting further discussion)

		New Business

		Adjournment

		Optional demos

