Section 3 - Actions Taken at General Meetings

   A motion is a proposal that the GCCC take action, or that it express itself as
   holding certain opinions.  A motion may be made by any Contributing Member of 
   the GCCC in good standing.  Motions do not need to be delivered in writing
   except as specified in the Bylaws; however, it is suggested that motions of 
   major importance be written for clarity and accuracy.  When a motion has been 
   made, the Chair must first consider it to determine whether it is in order.  
   (No motion is in order which conflicts with the avowed object or purpose of 
   the GCCC, or concerns a subject over which the GCCC has no jurisdiction.)  
   Then a motion must be seconded before it may be considered.
	
   Unless ruled out of order by the Chair, a motion made and seconded should be 
   restated to the meeting and becomes a subject for discussion and decision.  In
   most instances, a motion will be discussed and voted on without any further 
   complications.  However, this is not always the case.  The following actions
   may occur during discussion; if any occur, they must be voted on before a vote
   on the original motion may occur:

   An amendment to the original motion is proposed, or

     a motion is made to table the original motion, or

     a motion is made to refer the original motion for further study, or

     the original mover asks for permission to withdraw the motion (no other 
     member can make this request).

   Additionally, if a motion is presented which members or the Chair feel 
   requires further study or discussion, the Chair may use his authority to table
   the motion without a vote.  Once a motion is tabled or referred for further 
   study, discussion of it is ended for the duration of that  meeting.  A motion 
   that remains tabled without action for more than six months is considered to 
   have failed.

   A motion is decided by majority vote of the Contributing Members present at 
   the meeting.  Voting may be done verbally, by a show of hands, or via specific
   internet software.  Members cannot be compelled to vote on a motion; however, 
   they should be encouraged to do so.  The Chair of the meeting shall not 
   normally vote except in the event of a tie.  This will help to preserve the 
   impartiality of the Chair.

