Section 3 – The Election Process

	Nominations for the four elected positions shall take place at the General 
  Meeting of the month of September.  Announcements to this effect shall be 
  posted on the club web site and disseminated in the club newsletter at least 
  one month prior to the date of the meeting.

	At the meeting, nominations should be entertained by the Chair from 
  Contributing Members in the following order: President, Vice-President, 
  Treasurer, Secretary.  As each nomination is made the chair should first 
  confirm whether the nominee is willing to accept the duty, then ask for a 
  second from a Contributing Member.  A second is required to make a nomination 
  valid.  Before closing nominations for each office, the Chair shall inquire 
  whether there are any further nominations.  If there is no response, 
  nominations for that office are closed.

  Written nominations may also be submitted to the Secretary prior to the 
  September meeting.  Such nominations must be signed by two Contributing 
  Members in good standing, and also by the candidate if he will not be present 
  at the meeting.

	Promptly after the meeting, the list of nominees shall be posted both on the 
  club web site and on the TandyList site, and made available to any member who 
  requests the information.

	Every GCCC Contributing Member in good standing is entitled to one vote for 
  each elective office.  Voting is done by means of special software at the 
  TandyList site which preserves the voter’s privacy, while checking that he is 
  current with his dues.  Deadline for voting is the beginning of the October 
  General Meeting, at which time the results are downloaded and the new officers
  ratified as part of the meeting proceedings.  For each elective position only
  one officer shall be chosen.  In the event of a tie, a run-off ballot will be
  held between the tied candidates.  Normally, the new officers begin their
  terms with the November General Meeting.

