Section 6 – Duties of the Treasurer

	The Treasurer must be known to be of responsible nature, and must be available
  to the President by accepted communication methods. 

	The Treasurer shall be responsible for maintaining the financial records of 
  the GCCC. 

	The Treasurer shall ensure that a financial statement is prepared annually for
  publication in the periodical. 

	A copy of all relevant correspondence received or sent by the Treasurer on 
  behalf of the GCCC shall be passed to the Secretary. 

	The Treasurer shall submit an activity report to the BOD as requested for BOD
  and General Meetings. 

	The Treasurer shall receive and disburse club monies. 

	The Treasurer shall be the chief financial officer for the GCCC, and shall 
  ensure, at all times, that the financial affairs of the GCCC are run in a 
  business-like fashion and in strict accordance with all rules governing the 
  financial operations of the GCCC. 

	The Treasurer shall ensure that the Board of Directors is aware of the
  financial status of the GCCC and all financial dealings carried out on behalf
  of the GCCC. 

	All funds belonging to the GCCC shall be kept in GCCC bank accounts, and shal
  l never be merged with bank accounts of any club officer. 

	The GCCC General Operations fund shall be organized as follows: 

		The GCCC General Operations fund shall be used by the GCCC officers for the 
    day-to-day operations of the GCCC.  All monies received by the GCCC shall be
	  deposited to this account. 

		Signing authority for this fund shall be maintained by the Treasurer.

	Alternate signing authority may be appointed by the BOD. 

	Separate Petty Cash Funds may be maintained by discretion of the President.   
  Petty Cash Funds may not exceed  $50.00.  Receipts will be required for all 
  expenditures from Petty Cash Funds.  When a Petty Cash Fund is created, the 
  Secretary will record the date and purpose for the Fund.  The Treasurer will 
  record the amount initially distributed and will keep track of expenditures 
  via receipts. 

	All expenses incurred by the Newsletter Editor for producing the Newsletter
  will be reimbursed to the Newsletter Editor by the Treasurer on demand.  This
  may be via a Petty Cash Fund, on the discretion of the President. 

	If Newsletter expenses grow beyond the scope of a Petty Cash Fund, the 
  President may ask the Treasurer to create a separate Fund for Newsletter 
  expenses.  Signing authority for this Fund shall be maintained by the 
  Newsletter Editor, and the Newsletter Editor must keep records and receipts 
  of all expenditures. 

	At the President's request, the President may be reimbursed up to  $100.00 a 
  year for telephone expenses. 

	The President may request at a BOD Meeting that any member be reimbursed for 
  expenses directly related to club operations or club activities. 


