   President:

     The term of office for the President shall be one (1) year. This is an
     elected position.

     The President shall be responsible to the members of the GCCC for the
     actions of all officers, in accordance with all applicable laws and
     regulations, and in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution
     and Bylaws.

     The President shall Chair all meetings, as specified in Article VIII
     Section 1 of this Constitution.

     A copy of all relevant correspondence received or sent by the President
     on behalf of the GCCC shall be passed to the Secretary.

     The President shall schedule all meetings of the Board of Directors.

     The President shall ensure that the Members are informed of the location
     of General Meetings through the periodical and Web Site.

     The President shall ensure that up to date copies of the Constitution and
     Bylaws are maintained by the Secretary, and that copies are available to
     all members in good standing upon request. A reasonable fee may be charged
     for copying and mailing costs.

     The President shall prepare for each issue of the periodical a report of
     the activities of the executive and report on any meetings or events
     sponsored or supported by the GCCC.

     The President shall supervise members of the appointed offices and shall
     ensure that they carry out their duties properly. The Board of Directors
     shall be informed of any problems that may arise.

     The President may, as appropriate, appoint members in good standing the
     following officers of the Board of Directors, said appointments being
     approved by the Board of Directors by a majority vote:

     Director of Demos and Reviews, Director of Special Events, Director of
     Communications, Disk of the Month Director, Software Librarian, Sergeant
     at Arms, and Club Newsletter Editor.

     The President will act as a good-will ambassador in relations with vendors
     and other clubs.

