Financial

   Financial Operations

     The Treasurer shall be the chief financial officer for the GCCC, and
     shall ensure, at all times, that the financial affairs of the GCCC are
     run in a business-like fashion and in strict accordance with all rules
     governing the financial operations of the GCCC.

     The Treasurer shall ensure that the Board of Directors is aware of the
     financial status of the GCCC and all financial dealings carried out on
     behalf of the GCCC.

   Group Funds

     All funds belonging to the GCCC shall be kept in separate bank accounts,
     and shall never be merged with bank accounts of any club officer.

   The GCCC General Operations fund shall be organized as follows:

     The GCCC General Operations fund shall be used by the GCCC officers for
     the day-to-day operations of the GCCC.

     All monies received by the GCCC shall be deposited to this account.

     Signing authority for this fund shall be maintained by the Treasurer.
     Alternate signing authority may be appointed by the Board of Directors.

     Separate Petty Cash Funds may be maintained by discretion of the
     President. Petty Cash Funds may not exceed $100.00. Receipts will be
     required for all expenditures from Petty Cash Funds.

     When a Petty Cash Fund is created, the Secretary will record the date
     and purpose for the Fund. The Treasurer will record the amount initially
     distributed and will keep track of expenditures via receipts.

     All expenses incurred by the Newsletter Editor for producing the
     Newsletter will be reimbursed to the Newsletter Editor by the Treasurer
     on demand. This may be using a Petty Cash Fund at the discretion of the
     President.

     If Newsletter expenses grow beyond the scope of a Petty Cash Fund, the
     President may ask the Treasurer to create a separate Fund for Newsletter
     expenses. Signing authority for this Fund shall be maintained by the
     Newsletter Editor, and the Newsletter Editor must keep records and
     receipts of all expenditures.

     At the President's request, the President may be reimbursed up to $100
     a year for telephone expenses.

     The President may request at a Board of Directors meeting that any member
     be reimbursed for expenses directly related to club operations or club
     activities.

