Periodical Publication

   General

     The official periodical of the GCCC shall be known as "CoCo~123". Its
     purpose is to communicate to members of the GCCC items of interest to the
     Community, including future GCCC General Meeting dates, times, and
     locations.

     The periodical is not a magazine, and should endeavor to avoid being seen
     as competing with any magazines in the Community.

     The periodical may make note of products of interest to the Community.
     Commercial advertising may be accepted, but shall not influence the
     editorial content of the periodical.

   Operation:

     The Newsletter shall be published on a regular basis, with the frequency
     to be determined by the Board of Directors. The President may determine
     the frequency of publication if no Board of Directors meeting is
     scheduled. The Newsletter must be published at least quarterly.

     Special editions of the Newsletter may be published from time to time,
     as determined by the Board of Directors or the President if no Board of
     Directors meeting is scheduled.

     The Newsletter shall not be published unless sufficient monies are
     available to cover the expected costs of publication and mailing.

     The periodical shall be run in accordance with the applicable financial
     guidelines detailed in Article V. Financial operations of the periodical
     shall be conducted in accordance with the Constitution and Bylaws.

   Editorial Content

     The Newsletter shall publish, in the next issue, any editorial material
     that is provided to it by the Board of Directors, the Secretary, the
     Treasurer, or the President.

     Editorial material intended for publication in the Newsletter may be
     subject to review and approval by the Board of Directors or the President
     if no Board of Directors meeting is scheduled.

     Editorial material shall not conflict with the stated purpose of the GCCC.

   Articles

     The Newsletter may publish articles submitted to the Newsletter Editor as
     space allows, however the purpose of the GCCC should be kept in mind.

     Articles intended for publication in the periodical may be subject to
     review and approval by the Board of Directors.

