GCCC BBSs and Web Sites

   Glenside BBSs and Web Sites

     Official Glenside BBSs and Web Sites may be established by the GCCC
     membership providing the following rules are met:

     The Board of Directors must approve all Official Glenside BBSs and Web
     Sites.

     The name of an official GCCC BBS and Web Sites must include the word
     Glenside on the log-in screen.

     At no time will the BBS and Web Sites or its operators knowingly
     distribute copyrighted software without permission of the copyright
     holder.

     If it is found that an official BBS or Web Site is knowingly providing or
     distributing copyrighted material illegally, that system shall be dropped
     as an official Glenside BBS or Web Site. If this system is run by the
     Director of Communications, then he or she will be told to step down from
     that position by the Board of Directors and a new Member will be found to
     fill the position.

     GCCC members may not be charged for access to the BBS or Web Site,
     Glenside bulletins, internal mail, or internal databases, but may be
     charged for special services such as Internet mail or Usenet news.
     
     Meeting announcements and other GCCC activities must be posted for all
     callers to read after establishing their accounts and passwords.

   Other Glenside BBSs or Web Site may be established by the GCCC membership
   providing the following rules are met:

     At no time will the BBS and Web Site or its operator knowingly distribute
     copyrighted software without permission of the copyright holder.

     If it is found that a BBS or Web Site is knowingly providing or
     distributing copyrighted material illegally, that system shall be dropped
     as a Glenside BBS.

   The GCCC may provide cash support to the system operators of official
   Glenside BBSs or Web Sites. The amount cannot exceed $50.00 per year per
   system operator.

   Each system operator must police his or her BBS or Web Site, including
   defining a code of conduct.

