Conduct of General Meetings

   General

     Meetings shall be held on the second Thursday of each month, except as
     designated by the Board of Directors. Meetings shall be held at the
     Schaumburg Township District Library at 130 S Roselle Road in Schaumburg,
     Illinois, unless otherwise announced at a previous General Meeting and/or
     in the newsletter or special mailing.

     Meetings start at 7:30 pm and end by 10:00 pm. Meeting times may vary at
     the discretion of the President or Board of Directors.

     All meetings shall have a Chair to conduct the meeting. In order of
     priority, the Chair shall be:

       The President, the Vice President, or a member of the Board of Directors
       appointed by the President or a member of the Board of Directors if the
       President is not present.

     The Chair may delegate his or her authority when necessary.

     All meetings shall have minutes taken and passed to the Secretary. In
     order of priority, the minutes shall be taken by:

       The Secretary; or any regular member appointed by the Chair if the
       Secretary is not present.

     All meetings should be conducted in accordance with parliamentary
     procedure as interpreted by the Chair. Parliamentary procedure need not
     be followed rigorously; the intent is for GCCC Meetings to be impartial
     and structured without getting bogged down in procedure. The Chair has
     final say in all decisions.

     Members may bring to GCCC Meetings friends and/or family members. However,
     young children must be supervised by the Member who brings them.

   Responsibilities of the Chair

     Control of any meeting of the GCCC rests with the Chair. The Chair should:

       Be familiar with the Constitution and Bylaws of the GCCC, as well as
       the duties of the chair;

       Know, and follow, the order of business for the conduct of the meeting;

       Conduct the meeting in accordance with parliamentary procedure as
       described in Section 1 of Article IX;

       Ensure that each member has an opportunity to express his or her views
       but is not allowed to abuse this right.

   Order of Business

     Meetings may be conducted in the following order:

       Call to order by the Chair once the presence of a quorum has been
       determined by the Chair. Failing the presence of a quorum, the fact
       shall be noted.

       Any reports from members of the executive.

       Any old business.

       Any new business.

       Adjournment.

       Demo(s).

     If a motion is presented which Members or the Chair feel requires study,
     the Chair may table the motion. A motion that remains tabled without
     discussion for more than six months is considered to have failed.

   Making a Motion

     A motion is a proposal that the GCCC take action, or that it express
     itself as holding certain opinions. A motion may be made by any regular
     Member of the GCCC in good standing. Motions do not need to be delivered
     in writing except as specified in the Bylaws; however, it is suggested
     that motions of major importance be written for clarity and accuracy.

     A motion must be seconded before it may be considered.

     In most instances, a motion will be proposed, seconded, discussed, and
     voted on without any further complications. However this isn't always the
     case. The following actions may occur during discussion; if any occur,
     they must be voted on before a vote on the original motion may occur.

       An amendment to the original motion,

       A motion to table the original motion,

       A motion to refer the original motion for further study.

     No motion is in order that conflicts with the avowed object or purpose
     of the GCCC, or concerns a subject over which the GCCC has no
     jurisdiction.

     When a motion has been made, the Chair must consider it to determine
     whether it is in order.

   Debating a Motion

     Unless ruled out of order by the Chair, a motion made and seconded is
     stated to the meeting and becomes a subject for discussion and decision.

     When moved, seconded and stated to the meeting, a motion cannot be
     withdrawn or ignored except as noted below. The motion can be resolved
     only in the following manner:

       The original mover asks for permission from the meeting members to
       have the motion withdrawn.

       No other member can ask to have a motion withdrawn; or

       The motion is tabled; or

       The motion is resolved by vote.

   Voting

     A motion is decided by majority vote of Members present at the General
     Meeting, except as specified in Article 1, Section 3.

     Voting may be done by the use of ballots or a show of hands.

     Members cannot be compelled to vote on a motion, however, they should be
     encouraged to do so.

     The Chair of the meeting shall not normally vote, except in the event of a
     tie. This will help to preserve the impartiality of the Chair.

