

          THE CONSTITUTION OF THE GLENSIDE COLOR COMPUTER CLUB, INC.

The Organization shall be known as the Glenside Color Computer Club, Inc. and
shall be referred to in this Constitution as ``Glenside Color Computer Club''. 

The Glenside Color Computer Club is established as a not-for-profit, educational
and scientific organization pursuant to the laws of incorporation for not-for-
profit organizations in the state of Illinois and shall be operated in
accordance with all regulations and laws governing not-for-profit corporations
in that state. 

The Purpose of the Glenside Color Computer Club is: 

(a) To stimulate and sustain interest in the Tandy Color Computer in all its
    forms, and other personal computers as may be set forth in the Bylaws; 
(b) To promote the cooperation and exchange of information concerning said
    computers among its members; 
(c) To conduct programs and activities which promote fraternalism and advance
    the general interest and knowledge of its members; 
(d) To support, where practical, the activities of other organizations which
    promote said computers. 

The corporation is organized exclusively for educational and scientific purposes
within the meaning of Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 or
the corresponding provision of any subsequent federal internal revenue law.
Notwithstanding any other provision of these articles, this corporation shall
not, except to an insubstantial degree, engage in any activities or exercise any
powers that are not in furtherance of the purposes of this corporation, and the
corporation shall not carry on any other activities not permitted to be carried
on: 

(a) by a corporation exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(c)(3) of the 
    Internal Revenue Code of 1954 or the corresponding provision of any subsequent 
    federal internal revenue law, or; 
(b) by a corporation, contributions to which are deductible under Section 170(c)(2) 
    of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 or the corresponding provision of any 
    subsequent federal internal revenue law. 

Page 1

No substantial part of the activities of the corporation shall consist of carrying 
on propaganda or otherwise attempting to influence legislation except as provided 
in Section 501(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and this corporation shall 
not participate in, or intervene in, (including publishing or distributing statements) 
any political campaign on behalf of, or in opposition to, any candidate for public office. 

All corporate property is irrevocably dedicated to the purposes set forth above. No 
part of the net earnings of this corporation shall inure to the benefit of any of 
its directors, officers or members or to individuals except for the purpose of 
reimbursement as noted in the Bylaws. On the dissolution of the corporation, as set 
forth in the Bylaws, and after paying or adequately providing for the debts, 
obligations and liabilities of the corporation, the remaining assets of the corporation 
shall be distributed to such organization or organizations organized and operated 
exclusively for charitable, scientific, literary or educational purposes which has 
established its tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1954 or the corresponding provision of any subsequent federal internal revenue law. 

Where there is any conflict between a provision of this Constitution and any regulation 
or law now in force or hereafter enacted, then such provision of this Constitution shall be deemed to be invalid to the extent of such conflict. 

The Directors shall adopt Bylaws for the governance of this corporation. Said Bylaws may be amended as provided therein. This constitution may be amended as provided in the 
corporation's Bylaws. 

The membership of the Glenside Color Computer Club shall consist of individual and 
honorary members. The qualifications and rights of such members shall be set forth in the Bylaws. 

The officers of the corporation shall consist of the President, Senior Vice President, 
Treasurer, Secretary and other officers as may be authorized in the Bylaws. Such officers may be elected or appointed as set forth in the Bylaws; their terms and duties shall be set forth in the Bylaws. 

The board of directors shall consist of the President, Senior Vice President, Secretary, and Directors-At-Large. The Directors-at-Large shall be elected as provided in the Bylaws. 

Page 2

                  BYLAWS OF THE GLENSIDE COLOR COMPUTER CLUB, INC. 

The mailing address of the Glenside Color Computer Club (GCCC) shall be the address of the President. 

Definitions 

   The term ``quorum'' shall mean the required number and composition of members               
   present at a meeting to make the meeting valid, as follows: 

     For General Meetings of the GCCC, the Chair as defined in Article IX, Section 1,                         	at least two other members of the Board of Directors, and such Individual 
     Members as are present (at least five), shall constitute a quorum. 

     For Board of Director (BOD) Meetings, the President or Senior Vice President,       	and a majority of BOD members shall constitute a quorum. 

   The term ``majority'' in regards to voting shall mean: 

     For all meetings of the GCCC, greater than 50% (fifty percent) of the members 	of the quorum that have voted, unless otherwise specified. 

   The corporate publication shall hereafter be referred to as the club newsletter, 
   and shall initially be the CoCo 1-2-3. 

   The term ``Community'' shall mean the community of Tandy Color Computer (and 
   related computer) users. Related computers include any computer running the 	
   OS-9 or OS-9000 operating systems as well as any other computer deemed appropriate
   by the membership. 

Amendments to the Constitution and Bylaws 

   Any Individual BOD Member in good standing may, at any time, move to amend the 
   Constitution by delivering a written ``motion to amend'' to the Secretary. 

   A motion to amend the Constitution shall be signed by the member making the 
   motion and by at least two seconders, both of whom shall be Individual Members 
   of the GCCC in good standing. 

   Upon receipt of a motion to amend the Constitution, the Secretary shall cause 
   to be published in the Newsletter a copy of the motion, and cause a copy of the
   motion to be delivered to each member of the Board of Directors. 

                                                     Page 1 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                   BYLAWS.TXT 

     Any motion to amend the Constitution shall be dealt with at the 
     General Meeting of the GCCC following delivery of the 
     periodical in which the motion to amend is published. At 
     such meeting, the motion may be passed as delivered, 
     amended, or tabled. No further notice need be given before the 
     consideration of any amendment to the motion. 

     A tabled motion to amend the Constitution may be dealt with at 
     any future General Meeting.     No further notice need be given before 
     such additional consideration of any amendment to the motion. 
     Any motion which has been tabled for more than six months 
     without discussion shall be considered to have failed. 

     No amendment to the Constitution shall be effective unless 
     it is passed by a two thirds majority vote of the 
     quorum at a General Meeting of the GCCC. 

     The Bylaws passed pursuant to this Constitution may be 
     amended by a simple majority vote of the quorum at a 
     General Meeting and no notice need be given of a motion to 
     amend the Bylaws; however, a motion to amend the Bylaws must 
     be delivered in writing. 

     As with the Constitution, a motion to amend the bylaws may 
     be tabled for up to six months.  A motion which is tabled for 
     more than six months without discussion is considered 
     to have failed. 

Membership 

   Membership Categories 

     The membership of the GCCC shall consist of the following categories: 

       Individual Members 

       Honorary Members 

   Individual Membership 

     Individual Membership is open to anyone in the Community. 

     Individual Members in good standing are entitled to one vote 
     at General Meetings of the GCCC. 

     Individual Members are entitled to one copy of each issue 
     of the periodical published while the Member is in good 
     standing during the duration of the membership. 

                                                        Page 2 

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                     BYLAWS.TXT 

   An Individual Member shall be deemed to be in good standing 
   upon payment of the annual individual membership dues of 
   the GCCC. 

   Membership is renewed annually, and lasts through the end 
   of the calendar year. 

Honorary Membership 

   The Board of Directors may nominate as Honorary Members 
   individuals deemed by the Board to be worthy. 
   An Honorary Membership shall be ratified by a simple 
   majority of the quorum at any General Meeting. 

   Honorary Members have all rights and privileges of Individual 
   Members in good standing. 

   An Honorary Membership term is for the lifetime of the GCCC, 
   unless dismissed as discussed in Article II, Section 5. 

GCCC Dues 

   Each Individual Member shall pay annual dues 
   in the amount set by the Board of Directors and 
   published in the Bylaws.  Dues are non-refundable. 

   Membership dues must be paid upon filling out an application 
   form.   Dues may be pro-rated monthly for Individual Members 
   joining for less than a full calendar year. 

   The initial dues shall be as follows:      $15.00 US per year 
   for Individual Members residing in Canada and the United 
   States,  $15.00 US per year for Individual Members residing 
   in other countries. 

   Membership dues for the following year can be changed at 
   any meeting of the BOD with a majority vote.           Dues cannot 
   be changed with less than one month's notice to the membership 
   via the club newsletter or a special mailing. 

   Notice of dues shall be published in the club newsletter 
   within 30 days of the date dues must be remitted. 

   Any member who fails to pay dues to the GCCC 
   shall be deemed to be not in good standing and to have 
   his or her membership lapsed and privileges revoked until 
   such time as the dues are paid. 

Membership suspension and cancellation 

                                                           Page 3 

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                   BYLAWS.TXT 

     A member whose membership is cancelled can not again become 
     a member of the GCCC, and may not attend any GCCC functions. 

     A member whose membership is suspended is still a member of 
     the GCCC, but for a period of time as determined by the BOD 
     may not attend any GCCC functions. 

     Any member who is suspended by the Board of Directors as a 
     disciplinary action is deemed to be not in good standing. 
     However, such a suspended member will receive the club newsletter 
     and any relevant correspondence. 

     Reasons for membership suspension or cancellation 

       Piracy 

       Copyright or patent infringement 

       Abuse of club property, club members, or any BBS 

       Theft 

       Conduct deemed sufficiently inappropriate by the BOD 

     A membership may be cancelled only by a majority vote at 
     a BOD meeting.  The member is entitled to present a defense 
     at this BOD meeting and should be notified 30 days prior 
     to said meeting. 

GCCC Executive 

   The Executive 

     The offices shall consist of 

       President 
       Senior Vice President 
       Vice President of Demos and Reviews 
       Vice President of Special Events 
       Vice President of Communications 
       Secretary 
       Treasurer 
       Disk of the Month (DOM) Secretary 
       Club Newsletter Editor 

     The BOD shall consist of 

       President 
       Senior Vice President 

                                                        Page 4 

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                      BYLAWS.TXT 
     Secretary 
     Two Directors-At-Large 

Terms, Duties and Responsibilities of club officers 

   President 

     The term of office for the President shall be one 
     (1) year.   This is an elected position. 

     The President shall be responsible to the members of the 
     GCCC for the actions of all officers, in accordance with 
     all applicable laws and regulations, and in accordance 
     with the provisions of the Constitution and Bylaws. 

     The President shall Chair all meetings, as specified 
     in Article IX of this Constitution. 

     A copy of all relevant correspondence received or sent 
     by the President on behalf of the GCCC shall 
     be passed to the Secretary. 

     The President shall schedule all meetings of the Board 
     of Directors. 

     The President shall ensure that the Members are informed 
     of the location of General Meetings through the 
     periodical. 

     The President shall ensure that up to date copies of 
     the Constitution and Bylaws are maintained by the Group, 
     and that copies are available to all members in good 
     standing upon request.      A reasonable fee may be charged 
     for copying and mailing costs. 

     The President shall prepare for each issue of the 
     periodical a report of the activities of the executive, 
     and report on any meetings or events sponsored or 
     supported by the GCCC. 

     The President shall supervise members of the appointed 
     offices and shall ensure that they carry out their 
     duties properly. The BOD shall be informed of any 
     problems that may arise. 

     The President shall appoint a member in good standing to the 
     office of Club Newsletter Editor.  This appointment must be 
     approved by the BOD by a majority vote. 

     The President may, as appropriate, appoint members in 

                                                            Page 5 

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                       BYLAWS.TXT 
  good standing to the following offices, said appointments 
  being approved by the BOD by a majority vote. 

     DOM Secretary 
     Sergeant at Arms 
     Vice President of Communications 

  The President will act as a good-will ambassador in 
  relations with vendors and other clubs. 

Senior Vice President 

  The term of office for the Senior Vice President 
  shall be one (1) year.       This is an elected position. 

  The Senior Vice President shall assume the duties 
  of the President in the event that the President is 
  absent or for any reason temporarily unable to fulfill 
  those duties. 

  In the event that the position of President becomes 
  vacant, the Senior Vice President shall assume the 
  position of President until the next General Meeting. 

  A copy of all relevant correspondence received or sent 
  by the Senior Vice President on behalf of the GCCC 
  shall be passed to the Secretary. 

  The Senior Vice President shall coordinate the efforts 
  of the remaining Vice Presidents and report their progress 
  to the Board of Directors. 

  The Senior Vice President shall assist the President 
  as required. 

  Coordinate with the Secretary and Treasurer to produce the 
  necessary financial records for the GCCC. 

Vice President of Demos and Reviews (VP-D &R) 

  The term of office for the VP-D &R shall be one (1) year. 
  This is an elected position. 

  The VP-D &R handle all software received by GCCC from 
  vendors for demonstration, as well as all demonstrations 
  and reviews, or shall delegate the job. 

  The VP-D &R shall write a review of each demo for the 
  club newsletter, or shall delegate the job. 

                                                             Page 6 

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                   BYLAWS.TXT 
  The VP-D &R shall be responsible for returning or selling 
  any demonstrated software, according to the wishes of the 
  vendor.    If the  is sold, the VP-D &R must see that the 
  vendor is paid. 

  The VP-D &R shall chair the demo and review portion of 
  each General Meeting. 

Vice President of Special Events (VP-SE) 

  The term of office for the VP-SE shall be one (1) year. 
  This is an elected position. 

  The VP-SE is in charge of all GCCC special events, including 
  but not limited to the annual GCCC club picnic and 
  Chicago CoCoFEST!s. 

  The VP-SE is responsible for handling or delegating any 
  special promotions. 

  The VP-SE will coordinate with other members of the BOD, 
  as appropriate, to ensure that special events stay on schedule. 

Vice President of Communications (VP-C) 

  The term of office for the VP-C shall be one (1) year. 
  This position is appointed by the President. 

  The VP-C shall maintain an official Glenside BBS as defined in 
  Article VIII supporting the CoCo and GCCC. 

  The VP-C shall maintain a list of known BBSs supporting the 
  CoCo. 

Secretary 

  The term of office for the Secretary 
  shall be one (1) year.     This is an elected position. 

  The Secretary shall be responsible for coordinating 
  the day-to-day correspondence of the GCCC 
  and maintaining a copy of this correspondence. 

  The Secretary shall maintain a record of the minutes 
  from all meetings of the GCCC, and shall submit these 
  minutes to the Newsletter Editor for publication. 

  The Secretary shall be responsible for 
  retaining the current membership list of the GCCC. 

                                                         Page 7 

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

                                                  BYLAWS.TXT 
 The Secretary shall be the Registered Agent for 
 the GCCC for the duration of the term. 

 The Secretary shall submit an activity report to the BOD 
 as requested for BOD and General Meetings. 

 The Secretary shall be responsible for special mailings 
 as required by the President. 

Treasurer 

 The term of office for the Treasurer 
 shall be one (1) year.     This is an elected position. 
 The Treasurer must be of legal age, must be known to 
 be of responsible nature, and must be available to the 
 President by accepted communication methods. 

 The Treasurer shall be responsible for maintaining the 
 financial records of the GCCC. 

 The Treasurer shall ensure that a financial statement 
 is prepared annually for publication in the periodical. 

 A copy of all relevant correspondence received or sent 
 by the Treasurer on behalf of the GCCC shall 
 be passed to the Secretary. 

 The Treasurer shall submit an activity report to the 
 BOD as requested for BOD and General Meetings. 

 The Treasurer shall receive and disburse club monies. 

DOM Secretary 

 The term of office for the DOM Secretary shall be one (1) 
 year.   This position is appointed by the President. 

 The DOM Secretary is responsible for distributing the DOM, 
 and may delegate duplication of the DOM disks. 

 The DOM Secretary is not responsible for collecting DOM dues; 
 this is the duty of the Treasurer. 

Club Newsletter Editor 

 The term of office for the Club Newsletter Editor shall be one 
 (1) year.   This position is appointed by the President. 

 The Editor is responsible for the layout and content of 
 the club newsletter.     The Editor is also responsible for 

                                                        Page 8 

----------------------- Page 9-----------------------

                                                   BYLAWS.TXT 
     duplicating the newsletter and for setting the schedule 
     for the newsletter. 

     The Editor will coordinate with the President to ensure 
     that the newsletter remains on schedule and meets the 
     club requirements. 

     The Editor shall submit an activity report to the BOD as 
     requested for BOD and General Meetings. 

   Director-at-Large (DaL) 

     The term of office for the Club Newsletter Editor shall be one 
     (1) year.  This position is appointed by the President. 

     Any Individual Member in good standing who is not already a 
     member of the BOD may be appointed as a DaL. 

     A DaL shall attend BOD meetings and carry out any BOD business 
     delegated to that individual. 

Terms, Duties and Responsibilities of the BOD 

   The Purpose of the BOD shall be to oversee the general 
   operations of the GCCC, and to set policy.  The officers 
   are responsible for day-to-day operations, not the BOD. 

   The BOD shall review all appointed 
   positions annually and at other times as it may see fit, 
   and, if necessary, reassign such position by vote.     The 
   President may nominate Members for appointed positions; 
   these nominations must be approved by a majority vote at 
   a BOD Meeting. 

   The BOD shall authorize all expenditures 
   by the GCCC except as otherwise noted in the 
   Constitution or Bylaws. 

   The BOD may, at its discretion, support 
   financially or by other means, the activities of other 
   groups which promote personal computers in accordance 
   with the stated purpose of the GCCC. 

   The BOD may contract for the use of 
   facilities and services as it sees fit to further the 
   stated purposes of the GCCC. 

   BOD decisions are made by majority vote at a BOD Meeting. 
   The Chair may, if necessary, cast a tie-breaking vote. 

                                                        Page 9 

----------------------- Page 10-----------------------

                                                       BYLAWS.TXT 
      If a club officer or Director-At-Large is clearly shown 
      to be unwilling, unable, or incapable of 
      performing the duties of the office, the BOD may tell that 
      officer to step down. 

      If an elected officer other than the President is unable 
      to complete the term, a replacement shall be chosen by the 
      BOD.    This appointment will last until the next General 
      Election. 

Elections 

   Eligibility 

      Any Individual Member in good standing who is at least 21 
      years of age may run for any elected position. 

   Nominations 

      The date and location of the General Meeting of the GCCC 
      at which the election will be held will be 
      published in the periodical at least one month in advance. 

      Oral nominations are to be made from the floor. A seconder 
      is required. Before closing nominations, the Chair should 
      inquire if there are any further nominations, and if there 
      is no response, the nominations are closed.       The candidate must 
      be present and agree with the nomination either at the meeting 
      of nomination or at the meeting where elections take place. 
      If the candidate is not present at either meeting, 
      he or she may only be nominated via a written nomination. 

      Written nominations may be submitted in writing to the 
      secretary prior to the Meeting.    Such nominations must be 
      signed by two nominators in good standing, and the candidate 
      if the candidate is not present at the Meeting. 

   Procedure 

      Nominations shall take place each year in or about the month 
      of September at a General Meeting.       The voting shall take place 
      the following month, unless voting was delayed until or after 
      the November General Meeting. 

      If there is only one candidate nominated for a position 
      the candidate shall be declared elected by acclamation. 

      All elections shall be conducted by secret ballot of the 
      Members in good standing present at the General 
      Meeting of the GCCC. The individual acting as 

                                                           Page 10 

----------------------- Page 11-----------------------

                                                    BYLAWS.TXT 
     secretary for the meeting shall read off the names 
     nominated for each position, and the vote taken. 

     Ballots shall be counted by two members of the BOD 
     (not the Chair) present at the meeting.    If there 
     are not two BOD members present, or if one of the BOD members 
     is running for an office, then the Chair shall appoint impartial 
     vote counters. 

     In the event of a tie for first place between two or more 
     candidates, a run-off ballot will be held between the tied 
     candidates only. If the candidates remain tied after the 
     second ballot then the election for that position will be 
     postponed until the next General Meeting of the GCCC 
     unless one candidate agrees to step down. 

     For all elected positions other than Vice President, only one 
     officer shall be chosen.   For the office of Vice President, 
     the three candidates with the most votes shall be chosen as Vice 
     Presidents. 
     When the General Election is completed, the new BOD will assign 
     the three new Vice Presidents to their respective positions. 

Financial 

   Financial Operations 

     The Treasurer shall be the chief financial officer for the 
     GCCC, and shall ensure, at all times, that the 
     financial affairs of the GCCC are run in a 
     business-like fashion and in strict accordance with all 
     rules governing the financial operations of the GCCC. 

     The Treasurer shall ensure that the Board of Directors is 
     aware of the financial status of the GCCC and 
     all financial dealings carried out on behalf of the GCCC. 

   Group Funds 

     All funds belonging to the GCCC shall be kept 
     in separate bank accounts, and shall never be merged with 
     bank accounts of any club officer. 

     The GCCC General Operations fund shall be organized as follows: 

       The GCCC General Operations fund shall be used by the GCCC 
       officers for the day-to-day operations of the GCCC. 

       All monies received by the GCCC shall be 
       deposited to this account. 

                                                         Page 11 

----------------------- Page 12-----------------------

                                                     BYLAWS.TXT 

        Signing authority for this fund shall be maintained by 
        the Treasurer.  Alternate signing authority may be appointed 
        by the BOD. 

     Separate Petty Cash Funds may be maintained by discretion 
     of the President.   Petty Cash Funds may not exceed  $50.00. 
     Receipts will be required for all expenditures from Petty Cash 
     Funds. 

     When a Petty Cash Fund is created, the Secretary will record 
     the date and purpose for the Fund.     The Treasurer will record 
     the amount initially distributed and will keep track of 
     expenditures via receipts. 

     All expenses incurred by the Newsletter Editor for producing 
     the Newsletter will be reimbursed to the Newsletter Editor 
     by the Treasurer on demand.  This may be via a Petty Cash 
     Fund, on the discretion of the President. 

     If Newsletter expenses grow beyond the scope of a Petty Cash 
     Fund, the President may ask the Treasurer to create a separate 
     Fund for Newsletter expenses.      Signing authority for this Fund 
     shall be maintained by the Newsletter Editor, and the Newsletter 
     Editor must keep records and receipts of all expenditures. 

     At the President's request, the President may be reimbursed 
     up to  $100.00 a year for telephone expenses. 

     The President may request at a BOD Meeting that any member be 
     reimbursed for expenses directly related to club operations 
     or club activities. 

Periodical Publication 

   General 

     The official periodical of the GCCC shall 
     be known as ``CoCo 1-2-3''. 

     Its purpose is to communicate to members of the GCCC 
      s of interest to the Community, including future 
     GCCC General Meeting dates, times, and locations. 

     The periodical is not a magazine, and should endeavor to 
     avoid being seen as competing with any magazines in the 
     Community. 

     The periodical may make note of products of interest to 
     the Community. 

                                                         Page 12 

----------------------- Page 13-----------------------

                                                    BYLAWS.TXT 

   Commercial advertising may be accepted, but shall not 
   influence the editorial content of the periodical. 

   Non-Members may receive the newsletter at a fee not to 
   exceed  $2.00 more than the annual membership dues.  Other 
   arrangements and fees can be made with the approval of the 
   BOD. 

Operation 

   The Newsletter shall be published on a regular basis, with 
   the frequency to be determined by the BOD. 
   The President may determine the frequency of publication if 
   no BOD meeting is scheduled.        The Newsletter must be published 
   at least quarterly. 

   Special editions of the Newsletter may be published from 
   time to time, as determined by the BOD or 
   the President if no BOD meeting is scheduled. 

   The Newsletter shall not be published unless sufficient 
   monies are available to cover the expected costs of publication 
   and mailing. 

   The periodical shall be run in accordance with the 
   applicable financial guidelines detailed in Article V. 
   Financial operations of the periodical shall be conducted 
   in accordance with the Constitution and Bylaws. 

Editorial Content 

   The Newsletter shall publish in the next issue, any 
   editorial material that is provided to it by the BOD, 
   the Secretary, the Treasurer, or the President. 

   Editorial material intended for publication in the 
   Newsletter may be subject to review and approval by the BOD 
   or the President if no BOD meeting is scheduled. 

   Editorial material shall not conflict with the 
   stated purpose of the GCCC. 

Articles 

   The Newsletter may publish articles submitted to the 
   Newsletter Editor as space allows, however the 
   purpose of the GCCC should be kept in mind. 

   Articles intended for publication in the periodical may be 

                                                         Page 13 

----------------------- Page 14-----------------------

                                                    BYLAWS.TXT 
     subject to review and approval by the BOD. 

Software Library 

   General 

     The purpose of the software library is to provide a source 
     of quality software to the members of the GCCC. 

     The software library shall be governed under the copyright 
     laws of the United States of America. 

   Operation 

     The GCCC Software Library shall be for the use 
     and benefit of members only. 

     The DOM Secretary shall be responsible for the Software 
     Library.   With approval of the BOD, the DOM Secretary may 
     appoint a Software Librarian, otherwise the DOM Secretary 
     is the Software Librarian. 

     The Software Librarian may publish a list of available 
     software in the periodical at no charge. 

     The Software Librarian may charge members for reasonable 
     duplication and mailing expenses, but may not otherwise 
     charge for access to the GCCC Library. 

GCCC BBS's 

   Glenside BBS's 

     Official Glenside BBS's may be established by the GCCC membership 
     providing the following rules are met: 

       The BOD must approve all Official Glenside BBS's. 

       The name of an official GCCC BBS must include the word 
       Glenside on the log-in screen. 

       Meeting announcements and other GCCC activities must be 
       posted for all callers to read after establishing their 
       accounts and passwords. 

       At no time will the BBS or its operator knowingly distribute 
       copyrighted 
       software without permission of the copyright holder. 

                                                        Page 14 

----------------------- Page 15-----------------------

                                                   BYLAWS.TXT 
       If it is found that an official BBS is knowingly providing or 
       distributing copyrighted material illegally, that system 
       shall be dropped as an official Glenside BBS.     If this system 
       is run by the Vice President of Communications, then he or 
       she will be told to step down from that position by the BOD 
       and a new Member will be found to fill the position. 

       GCCC Members may not be charged for access to the BBS, Glenside 
       bulletins, internal mail, or internal databases, but 
       may be charged for special services such as Internet mail 
       or USENet news. 

      Other Glenside BBS's may be established by the GCCC membership 
      providing the following rules are met: 

       At no time will the BBS or its operator knowingly distribute 
       copyrighted 
       software without permission of the copyright holder. 

       If it is found that an BBS is knowingly providing or 
       distributing copyrighted material illegally, that system 
       shall be dropped as a Glenside BBS. 

     The GCCC may provide cash support to the system operators of 
     official Glenside BBS's.   The amount cannot exceed      $50.00 per 
     year per system operator. 

     Each system operator must police his or her BBS, including 
     defining a code of conduct. 

Conduct of General Meetings 

   General 

     Meetings shall be held on the second Thursday of each month, 
     except as designated by the BOD.      Meetings shall be held at 
     the Glenside Public Library at 25 East Fullerton Avenue in Glendale 
     Heights, Illinois, unless otherwise announced at a previous 
     General Meeting and/or in the newsletter or special mailing. 

     Meetings start at 7:30 pm and end by 10:00 pm.      Meeting times 
     may vary at the discretion of the President or BOD. 

     All meetings shall have a Chair to conduct the meeting. 
     In order of priority, the Chair shall be: 

       The President, 

       The Senior Vice President, or 

                                                       Page 15 

----------------------- Page 16-----------------------

                                                       BYLAWS.TXT 
     A member of the BOD appointed by the President or 
     senior member of the BOD if the President is not present. 

   The Chair may delegate his or her authority when necessary. 

   All meetings shall have minutes taken and passed to the 
   Secretary. In order of priority, the minutes shall be 
   taken by: 

     The Secretary; or 

     Any regular member appointed by the Chair if the Secretary 
     is not present. 

   All meetings should be conducted in accordance with 
   parliamentary procedure as interpreted by the Chair. 
   Parliamentary procedure need not be followed rigorously; 
   the intent is for GCCC Meetings to be impartial and 
   structured without getting bogged down in procedure. 
   The Chair has final say in all decisions. 

   Members may bring to GCCC Meetings friends and/or family 
   members.     However, young children must be supervised by 
   the Member who brings them. 

Responsibilities of the Chair 

   Control of any meeting of the GCCC rests with 
   the Chair.  The Chair should 

     Be familiar with the Constitution and Bylaws of the 
     GCCC, as well as the duties of the chair; 

     Know, and follow, the order of business for the conduct 
     of the meeting; 

     Conduct the meeting in accordance with parliamentary 
     procedure as described in section 1 of Article IX; 

     Ensure that each member has an opportunity to express 
     his or her views but is not allowed to abuse this right. 

Order of Business 

   Meetings may be conducted in the following order: 

     Call to order by the Chair once the presence of a 
     quorum has been determined by the Chair. Failing the 
     presence of a quorum, the fact shall be noted. 

                                                            Page 16 

----------------------- Page 17-----------------------

                                                         BYLAWS.TXT 
     Old business. 

     Any reports from members of the executive. 

     Any new business. 

     Demo(s). 

     Adjournment. 

   If a motion is presented which Members or the Chair feel 
   requires study, the Chair may table the motion.  A motion 
   which remains tabled without discussion for more than six 
   months is considered to have failed. 

Making a Motion 

   A motion is a proposal that the GCCC take 
   action, or that it express itself as holding certain 
   opinions. A motion may be made by any regular Member of 
   the GCCC in good standing.           Motions do not need to be 
   delivered in writing except as specified in the Bylaws; 
   however, it is suggested that motions of major importance 
   be written for clarity and accuracy. 

   A motion must be seconded before it may be considered. 

   In most instances, a motion will be proposed, 
   seconded, discussed, and voted on without any further 
   complications. However this is not always the case.  The 
   following actions may occur during discussion; if 
   any occur, they must be voted on before a vote on the 
   original motion may occur. 

     An amendment to the original motion, 

     A motion to table the original motion, 

     A motion to refer the original motion for further study. 

   No motion is in order which conflicts with the avowed 
   object or purpose of the GCCC, or concerns a 
   subject over which the GCCC has no 
   jurisdiction. 

   When a motion has been made, the Chair must consider it to 
   determine whether it is in order. 

Debating a Motion 

                                                              Page 17 

----------------------- Page 18-----------------------

                                                   BYLAWS.TXT 
     Unless ruled out of order by the Chair, a motion made and 
     seconded is stated to the meeting and becomes a subject 
     for discussion and decision. When moved, seconded and 
     stated to the meeting, a motion cannot be withdrawn or 
     ignored except as noted below. The motion can be resolved 
     only in the following manner: 

       The original mover asks for permission from the meeting 
       to have the motion withdrawn. No other member can ask to 
       have a motion withdrawn; or 

       The motion is tabled; or 

       The motion is resolved by vote. 

   Voting 

     A motion is decided by majority vote of Members present at 
     the General Meeting, except as specified in Article 1, 
     Section 3. 

     Voting may be done by the use of ballots or a show of 
     hands. 

     Members cannot be compelled to vote on a motion, however, 
     they should be encouraged to do so. 

     The Chair of the meeting shall not normally vote, except 
     in the event of a tie. This will help to preserve the 
     impartiality of the Chair. 

BOD Meetings 

   General 

     Meetings shall be held on an as-need basis, but must be held 
     at least quarterly. Meetings time and place are designated 
     by the President. 

     No actions shall be taken by the BOD unless a quorum is 
     assembled. 

     BOD meetings shall be held informally, and need not follow 
     strict parliamentary procedure. 

     All meetings shall have minutes taken and passed to the 
     Secretary, as specified in Article IX, Section 1. 

     Only BOD members may attend BOD Meetings, except as specified 
     in the Bylaws, or by invitation of any BOD member. 

                                                       Page 18 

----------------------- Page 19-----------------------

                                                      BYLAWS.TXT 

Special BOD Meetings 

    If the President deems immediate action necessary, a Special 
    BOD Meeting may be called.         If it is possible to resolve the 
    issue at a regular BOD Meeting, a Special BOD Meeting is 
    inappropriate. 

    A Special BOD Meeting may be conducted via 

      Telephone conference call 
      Electronic conference 

    Decisions made at Special BOD Meetings are subject to review 
    at following regular BOD Meetings. 

    Minutes are not necessary, but a record of decisions made 
    must be kept. 

Voting 

    A motion is decided by majority vote of BOD Members.  All 
    BOD members get one vote. 

    The President may cast a tie-breaking vote when necessary. 

    If the President is not present and there is a tie, the 
    Senior Vice President may cast a tie-breaking vote. 

    BOD members not present may have their vote cast by proxy. 

                                                           Page 19 
