Ratified unanimously by members represented at the General Meeting of
September 13, 2018

              BYLAWS OF THE GLENSIDE COLOR COMPUTER CLUB, INC.

   The mailing address of the Glenside Color Computer Club (GCCC) shall be the
   address of the President.

Definitions:

   The term "quorum" shall mean the required number and composition of
   members present at a meeting to make the meeting valid, as follows:

     For General Meetings of the GCCC, the Chair as defined in Article VIII,
     Section 1, at least two members of the Board of Directors, and such
     General Members as are present (at least 3), shall constitute a quorum.

     For Board of Directors meetings, the President or Vice President, and
     a majority of Board of Directors members shall constitute a quorum.

   The term "majority" in regards to voting shall mean:

     For all meetings of the GCCC, greater than 50% (fifty percent) of the
     members of the quorum that have voted, unless otherwise specified.

   The corporate publication shall hereafter be referred to as the club
   newsletter, and shall initially be the CoCo~123.

   The term "Community" shall mean the community of Tandy Color Computer (and
   related computer) users. Related computers include any computer running
   the OS-9 or OS-9000 operating systems as well as any other computer deemed
   appropriate by the membership.

               Amendments to the Constitution and Bylaws

   Any individual Board of Directors member in good standing may, at any time, move
   to amend the Constitution by delivering a written "motion to amend" to the 
   Secretary.

   A motion to amend the Constitution shall be signed by the member making the 
   motion and by at least two seconders, both of whom shall be Contributing Members 
   of the GCCC in good standing.

   Upon receipt of a motion to amend the Constitution, the Secretary shall cause to 
   be published in the Newsletter a copy of the motion, and cause a copy of the 
   motion to be delivered to each member of the Board of Directors.

   Any motion to amend the Constitution shall be dealt with at the General Meeting 
   of the GCCC following delivery of the periodical in which the motion to amend is 
   published. At such meeting, the motion may be passed as delivered, amended, or 
   tabled. No further notice need be given before the consideration of any 
   amendment to the motion.

   A tabled motion to amend the Constitution may be dealt with at any future 
   General Meeting. No further notice need be given before such additional 
   consideration of any amendment to the motion. Any motion that has been tabled 
   for more than six months without discussion shall be considered to have failed.

   No amendment to the Constitution shall be effective unless it is passed by a 
   two-thirds majority vote of the quorum at a General Meeting of the GCCC. 

   The Bylaws passed pursuant to this Constitution may be amended by a simple 
   majority vote of the quorum at a General Meeting and no notice need be given of 
   a motion to amend the Bylaws; however, a motion to amend the Bylaws must be 
   delivered in writing. 

   As with the Constitution, a motion to amend the bylaws may be tabled for up to 
   six months. A motion that is tabled for more than six months without discussion 
   is considered to have failed. 

                             Membership

Membership Categories

   The membership of the GCCC shall consist of the following categories:

     General Membership

     Contributing Membership

     Honorary Membership

   General Membership is open to anyone in the Community.

   Contributing Members in good standing are entitled to one vote at General
   Meetings of the GCCC.

   A Contributing Member shall be deemed to be in good standing upon payment
   of the annual Membership dues of the GCCC.

                             Honorary Membership

   The Board of Directors may nominate as Honorary Members individuals deemed
   by the Board to be worthy. An Honorary Membership shall be ratified by a
   simple majority of the quorum at any General Meeting.

   Honorary Members have all rights and privileges of General Members.

   An Honorary Membership term is for the lifetime of the GCCC, unless
   dismissed as discussed in Article VII.

   All Members are entitled to a copy of each issue of the published
   periodical.

GCCC Dues

   Each Contributing Member may pay annual dues in the amount set by the Board
   of Directors and published in the Bylaws. Dues are non-refundable.

   The initial dues shall be as follows: $15.00 US per year for Contributing
   Members.

   Membership dues for the following year can be changed at any meeting of the
   Board of Directors with a majority vote. Dues cannot be changed with less
   than one month's notice to the membership via the club newsletter or a
   special mailing.

   Notice of dues shall be published in the club newsletter within 30 days of
   the date dues must be remitted.

Membership suspension and cancellation

   A member whose membership is cancelled cannot again become a member of the
   GCCC, and may not attend any GCCC functions.

   A member whose membership is suspended is still a member of the GCCC, but
   for a period of time as determined by the Board of Directors may not attend
   any GCCC functions.

   Any member who is suspended by the Board of Directors as a disciplinary
   action is deemed to be not in good standing. However, such a suspended
   member will receive the club newsletter and any relevant correspondence.

   Reasons for membership suspension or cancellation

     Piracy
     Copyright or patent infringement
     Abuse of club property, club members, or any BBS
     Theft
     Conduct deemed sufficiently inappropriate by the Board of Directors.

   A membership may be cancelled only by a majority vote at a Board of
   Directors meeting. The member is entitled to present a defense at this
   Board of Directors meeting and should be notified 30 days prior to said
   meeting.

GCCC Executive Officers

   The elected officers shall consist of:

     President, Vice President, Secretary and Treasurer.

   The term of office for the elected offices shall be one (1) year.

   The Board of Directors shall consist of:

     Director of Demos and Reviews, Director of Special Events, Director
     of Communications, Disk of the Month Director, Software Librarian,
     Sergeant at Arms and Club Newsletter Editor.
   
   The term of office for the Board of Directors shall be infinite.

Terms, Duties and Responsibilities of club officers

   President:

     The term of office for the President shall be one (1) year. This is an
     elected position.

     The President shall be responsible to the members of the GCCC for the
     actions of all officers, in accordance with all applicable laws and
     regulations, and in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution
     and Bylaws.

     The President shall Chair all meetings, as specified in Article VIII
     Section 1 of this Constitution.

     A copy of all relevant correspondence received or sent by the President
     on behalf of the GCCC shall be passed to the Secretary.

     The President shall schedule all meetings of the Board of Directors.

     The President shall ensure that the Members are informed of the location
     of General Meetings through the periodical and Web Site.

     The President shall ensure that up to date copies of the Constitution and
     Bylaws are maintained by the Secretary, and that copies are available to
     all members in good standing upon request. A reasonable fee may be charged
     for copying and mailing costs.

     The President shall prepare for each issue of the periodical a report of
     the activities of the executive and report on any meetings or events
     sponsored or supported by the GCCC.

     The President shall supervise members of the appointed offices and shall
     ensure that they carry out their duties properly. The Board of Directors
     shall be informed of any problems that may arise.

     The President may, as appropriate, appoint members in good standing the
     following officers of the Board of Directors, said appointments being
     approved by the Board of Directors by a majority vote:

     Director of Demos and Reviews, Director of Special Events, Director of
     Communications, Disk of the Month Director, Software Librarian, Sergeant
     at Arms, and Club Newsletter Editor.

     The President will act as a good-will ambassador in relations with vendors
     and other clubs.

   Vice President:

     The term of office for the Vice President shall be one (1) year. This is
     an elected position.

     In the event that the position of President becomes vacant, the
     Vice President shall assume the position of President until the
     next General Meeting.

     A copy of all relevant correspondence received or sent by the
     Vice President on behalf of the GCCC shall be passed to the Secretary.

   Secretary:

     The term of office for the Secretary shall be one (1) year. This is an
     elected position.

     The Secretary shall maintain a record of the minutes from all meetings of
     the GCCC and shall submit these minutes to the Newsletter Editor for
     publication.

     The Secretary shall be responsible for coordinating the day-to-day
     correspondence of the GCCC and maintaining a copy of this correspondence.

     The Secretary shall be responsible for retaining the current membership
     list of the GCCC.

     The Secretary shall be the Registered Agent for the GCCC for the duration
     of the term.

     The Secretary shall assume the duties of the President in the event that
     the President is absent or for any reason temporarily unable to fulfill
     those duties.

     The Secretary shall coordinate the efforts of the Directors and report
     their progress to the membership.

     The Secretary shall assist the President as required.

     The Secretary shall coordinate with the President and Treasurer to
     produce the necessary year-end financial records for the GCCC.

     The Secretary shall submit an activity report to the Board of Directors
     as requested for the Board of Directors and General Meetings.

     The Secretary shall be responsible for special mailings as required by
     the President.

     The Secretary shall maintain all documents such as all versions of the
     Constitution and other important records such as meeting minutes in a
     zipper attaché case. This case will be transferred to the next secretary.

   Treasurer:

     The term of office for the Treasurer shall be one (1) year. This is an
     elected position.

     The Treasurer must be of legal age, must be known to be of responsible
     nature, and must be available to the President by accepted communication
     methods.

     The Treasurer shall be responsible for maintaining the financial records
     of the GCCC.

     The Treasurer shall ensure that a financial statement is prepared
     annually for publication in the periodical.

     A copy of all relevant correspondence received or sent by the Treasurer
     on behalf of the GCCC shall be passed to the Secretary.

     The Treasurer shall submit an activity report to the Board of Directors
     as requested for Board of Directors and General Meetings.

     The Treasurer shall receive and disburse club monies.

     The Treasurer shall maintain all documents such as checks received and
     disbursed and other important records such as Treasury reports in a
     zipper attaché case. This attaché case will be transferred to the next
     Treasurer.

   Director of Demos and Reviews:

     The term of office for the Director of Demos and Reviews shall be
     indefinite. This is an appointed position.

     The Director of Demos and Reviews shall write a review of each demo for
     the Club newsletter, or shall delegate the job.

     The Director of Demos and Reviews shall be responsible for returning or
     selling any demonstrated software, according to the wishes of the vendor.
     If the item is sold, the Director of Demos and Reviews must see that the
     vendor is paid.

     The Director of Demos and Reviews shall chair the demo and review portion
     of each General Meeting.

     The Director of Demos and Reviews shall maintain all software received by
     GCCC from vendors for demonstration, as well as all demonstrations and
     reviews, or shall delegate the job.

   Director of Special Events:

     The term of office for the Director of Special Events shall be indefinite.
     This is an appointed position.

     The Director of Special Events is in charge of all GCCC special events,
     including but not limited to the annual GCCC club picnic and Chicago
     CoCoFEST!.

     The Director of Special Events is responsible for handling or delegating
     any special promotions.

     The Director of Special Events will coordinate with other members of the
     Board of Directors, as appropriate; to ensure that special events stay on
     schedule.

   Director of Communications:

     The term of office for the Director of Communications shall be indefinite.
     This is an appointed position.

     The Director of Communications shall maintain an official Glenside Web
     Site as defined in Article VIII Section 2 supporting the CoCo and GCCC.

     The Director of Communications shall maintain a list of known members
     supporting the CoCo.

   Disk of the Month Director:

     The term of office for the Disk of the Month Director shall be indefinite.
     This is an appointed position.

     The Disk of the Month Director is responsible for distributing the Disk
     of the Month disks, and may delegate duplication of the Disk of the Month
     disks.

     The Disk of the Month Director is not responsible for collecting Disk of
     the Month dues; this is the duty of the Treasurer.

   Software Librarian:

     The term of office for the Software Librarian shall be indefinite.
     This is an appointed position.

     The Software Librarian shall maintain all software and documentation
     received by GCCC from vendors and other sources, and keep up to date all
     records of that software and documentation. These records shall be made
     available to the community.

   Club Newsletter Editor:

     The term of office for the Club Newsletter Editor shall be indefinite.
     This is an appointed position.

     The Editor is responsible for the layout and content of the club
     newsletter. The Editor is also responsible for duplicating the newsletter
     and for setting the schedule for the newsletter.

     The Editor will coordinate with the President to ensure that the
     newsletter remains on schedule and meets the club requirements.

     The Editor shall submit an activity report to the Board of Directors as
     requested for Board of Directors and General Meetings.

     The Editor shall keep copies of all club newsletters to be passed to the
     next newsletter editor.

Terms, Duties and Responsibilities of the Board of Directors:

   The Purpose of the Board of Directors shall be to oversee the general
   operations of the GCCC, and to set policy. The officers are responsible
   for day-to-day operations, not the Board of Directors.

   The Board of Directors shall review all appointed positions annually and at
   other times as it may see fit, and, if necessary, reassign such position by
   vote. The President may nominate Members for appointed positions; these
   nominations must be approved by a majority vote at a Board of Directors
   meeting.

   The Board of Directors shall authorize all expenditures by the GCCC except
   as otherwise noted in the Constitution or Bylaws.

   The Board of Directors may, at its discretion, support financially or by
   other means, the activities of other groups that promote personal computers
   in accordance with the stated purpose of the GCCC.

   The Board of Directors may contract for the use of facilities and services
   as it sees fit to further the stated purposes of the GCCC.

   Board of Directors decisions are made by majority vote at a Board of
   Directors meeting. The Chair may, if necessary, cast a tie-breaking vote.

   If a club officer is clearly shown to be unwilling, unable, or incapable
   of performing the duties of the office, the Board of Directors may tell
   that officer to step down.

   If an elected officer other than the President is unable to complete the
   term, a replacement shall be chosen by the Board of Directors. This
   appointment will last until the next General Election.

Elections

   Eligibility:

     Any General Member in good standing who is at least 21 years of age may
     run for any elected position.

Nominations:

   The date and location of the General Meeting of the GCCC at which the
   election will be held will be published in the periodical at least one
   month in advance.

   Nominations shall be for only the President, Vice President, Secretary and
   Treasurer in that order.

   Oral nominations are to be made from the floor. A seconder is required.
   Before closing nominations, the Chair shall inquire if there are any
   further nominations, and if there is no response, the nominations are closed. The
   candidate must be present and agree with the nomination either at the
   meeting of nomination or at the meeting where elections take place. If the
   candidate is not present at either meeting, he or she may only be nominated
   using a written nomination.

   Written nominations may be submitted in writing to the secretary prior to
   the Meeting. Such nominations must be signed by two nominators in good
   standing, and the candidate if the candidate is not present at the Meeting.

Procedure

   Nominations shall take place each year in or about the month of September
   at a General Meeting. The voting shall take place the following month,
   unless voting was delayed until or after the November General Meeting.

   If there is only one candidate nominated for a position the candidate shall
   be declared elected by acclamation.

   All elections shall be conducted by secret ballot of the members in good
   standing present at the General Meeting of the GCCC. The individual acting
   as secretary for the meeting shall read off the names nominated for each
   position, and the vote taken.

   Ballots shall be counted by two members of the Board of Directors (not the
   Chair) present at the meeting. If there are not two Board of Directors
   members present, the Chair shall appoint impartial vote counters.

   In the event of a tie for first place between two or more candidates, a
   run-off ballot will be held between the tied candidates only. If the
   candidates remain tied after the second ballot then the election for that
   position will be postponed until the next General Meeting of the GCCC
   unless one candidate agrees to step down.

   For all elected positions only one officer shall be chosen.

Financial

   Financial Operations

     The Treasurer shall be the chief financial officer for the GCCC, and
     shall ensure, at all times, that the financial affairs of the GCCC are
     run in a business-like fashion and in strict accordance with all rules
     governing the financial operations of the GCCC.

     The Treasurer shall ensure that the Board of Directors is aware of the
     financial status of the GCCC and all financial dealings carried out on
     behalf of the GCCC.

   Group Funds

     All funds belonging to the GCCC shall be kept in separate bank accounts,
     and shall never be merged with bank accounts of any club officer.

   The GCCC General Operations fund shall be organized as follows:

     The GCCC General Operations fund shall be used by the GCCC officers for
     the day-to-day operations of the GCCC.

     All monies received by the GCCC shall be deposited to this account.

     Signing authority for this fund shall be maintained by the Treasurer.
     Alternate signing authority may be appointed by the Board of Directors.

     Separate Petty Cash Funds may be maintained by discretion of the
     President. Petty Cash Funds may not exceed $100.00. Receipts will be
     required for all expenditures from Petty Cash Funds.

     When a Petty Cash Fund is created, the Secretary will record the date
     and purpose for the Fund. The Treasurer will record the amount initially
     distributed and will keep track of expenditures via receipts.

     All expenses incurred by the Newsletter Editor for producing the
     Newsletter will be reimbursed to the Newsletter Editor by the Treasurer
     on demand. This may be using a Petty Cash Fund at the discretion of the
     President.

     If Newsletter expenses grow beyond the scope of a Petty Cash Fund, the
     President may ask the Treasurer to create a separate Fund for Newsletter
     expenses. Signing authority for this Fund shall be maintained by the
     Newsletter Editor, and the Newsletter Editor must keep records and
     receipts of all expenditures.

     At the President's request, the President may be reimbursed up to $100
     a year for telephone expenses.

     The President may request at a Board of Directors meeting that any member
     be reimbursed for expenses directly related to club operations or club
     activities.

Periodical Publication

   General

     The official periodical of the GCCC shall be known as "CoCo~123". Its
     purpose is to communicate to members of the GCCC items of interest to the
     Community, including future GCCC General Meeting dates, times, and
     locations.

     The periodical is not a magazine, and should endeavor to avoid being seen
     as competing with any magazines in the Community.

     The periodical may make note of products of interest to the Community.
     Commercial advertising may be accepted, but shall not influence the
     editorial content of the periodical.

   Operation:

     The Newsletter shall be published on a regular basis, with the frequency
     to be determined by the Board of Directors. The President may determine
     the frequency of publication if no Board of Directors meeting is
     scheduled. The Newsletter must be published at least quarterly.

     Special editions of the Newsletter may be published from time to time,
     as determined by the Board of Directors or the President if no Board of
     Directors meeting is scheduled.

     The Newsletter shall not be published unless sufficient monies are
     available to cover the expected costs of publication and mailing.

     The periodical shall be run in accordance with the applicable financial
     guidelines detailed in Article V. Financial operations of the periodical
     shall be conducted in accordance with the Constitution and Bylaws.

   Editorial Content

     The Newsletter shall publish, in the next issue, any editorial material
     that is provided to it by the Board of Directors, the Secretary, the
     Treasurer, or the President.

     Editorial material intended for publication in the Newsletter may be
     subject to review and approval by the Board of Directors or the President
     if no Board of Directors meeting is scheduled.

     Editorial material shall not conflict with the stated purpose of the GCCC.

   Articles

     The Newsletter may publish articles submitted to the Newsletter Editor as
     space allows, however the purpose of the GCCC should be kept in mind.

     Articles intended for publication in the periodical may be subject to
     review and approval by the Board of Directors.

Software Library

   General

     The purpose of the software library is to provide a source of quality
     software to the members of the GCCC.

     The software library shall be governed under the copyright laws of the
     United States of America.

   Operation

     The GCCC Software Library will be for the use and benefit of members only.

     With approval of the Board of Directors, the Disk of the Month Director
     may appoint a Software Librarian, otherwise the Disk of the Month
     Director is the Software Librarian.

     The Software Librarian shall publish a list of available software in the
     periodical at no charge.

     The Software Librarian may charge members for reasonable duplication and
     mailing expenses, but may not otherwise charge for access to the GCCC
     Library.

GCCC BBSs and Web Sites

   Glenside BBSs and Web Sites

     Official Glenside BBSs and Web Sites may be established by the GCCC
     membership providing the following rules are met:

     The Board of Directors must approve all Official Glenside BBSs and Web
     Sites.

     The name of an official GCCC BBS and Web Sites must include the word
     Glenside on the log-in screen.

     At no time will the BBS and Web Sites or its operators knowingly
     distribute copyrighted software without permission of the copyright
     holder.

     If it is found that an official BBS or Web Site is knowingly providing or
     distributing copyrighted material illegally, that system shall be dropped
     as an official Glenside BBS or Web Site. If this system is run by the
     Director of Communications, then he or she will be told to step down from
     that position by the Board of Directors and a new Member will be found to
     fill the position.

     GCCC members may not be charged for access to the BBS or Web Site,
     Glenside bulletins, internal mail, or internal databases, but may be
     charged for special services such as Internet mail or Usenet news.
     
     Meeting announcements and other GCCC activities must be posted for all
     callers to read after establishing their accounts and passwords.

   Other Glenside BBSs or Web Site may be established by the GCCC membership
   providing the following rules are met:

     At no time will the BBS and Web Site or its operator knowingly distribute
     copyrighted software without permission of the copyright holder.

     If it is found that a BBS or Web Site is knowingly providing or
     distributing copyrighted material illegally, that system shall be dropped
     as a Glenside BBS.

   The GCCC may provide cash support to the system operators of official
   Glenside BBSs or Web Sites. The amount cannot exceed $50.00 per year per
   system operator.

   Each system operator must police his or her BBS or Web Site, including
   defining a code of conduct.

Conduct of General Meetings

   General

     Meetings shall be held on the second Thursday of each month, except as
     designated by the Board of Directors. Meetings shall be held at the
     Schaumburg Township District Library at 130 S Roselle Road in Schaumburg,
     Illinois, unless otherwise announced at a previous General Meeting and/or
     in the newsletter or special mailing.

     Meetings start at 7:30 pm and end by 10:00 pm. Meeting times may vary at
     the discretion of the President or Board of Directors.

     All meetings shall have a Chair to conduct the meeting. In order of
     priority, the Chair shall be:

       The President, the Vice President, or a member of the Board of Directors
       appointed by the President or a member of the Board of Directors if the
       President is not present.

     The Chair may delegate his or her authority when necessary.

     All meetings shall have minutes taken and passed to the Secretary. In
     order of priority, the minutes shall be taken by:

       The Secretary; or any regular member appointed by the Chair if the
       Secretary is not present.

     All meetings should be conducted in accordance with parliamentary
     procedure as interpreted by the Chair. Parliamentary procedure need not
     be followed rigorously; the intent is for GCCC Meetings to be impartial
     and structured without getting bogged down in procedure. The Chair has
     final say in all decisions.

     Members may bring to GCCC Meetings friends and/or family members. However,
     young children must be supervised by the Member who brings them.

   Responsibilities of the Chair

     Control of any meeting of the GCCC rests with the Chair. The Chair should:

       Be familiar with the Constitution and Bylaws of the GCCC, as well as
       the duties of the chair;

       Know, and follow, the order of business for the conduct of the meeting;

       Conduct the meeting in accordance with parliamentary procedure as
       described in Section 1 of Article IX;

       Ensure that each member has an opportunity to express his or her views
       but is not allowed to abuse this right.

   Order of Business

     Meetings may be conducted in the following order:

       Call to order by the Chair once the presence of a quorum has been
       determined by the Chair. Failing the presence of a quorum, the fact
       shall be noted.

       Any reports from members of the executive.

       Any old business.

       Any new business.

       Adjournment.

       Demo(s).

     If a motion is presented which Members or the Chair feel requires study,
     the Chair may table the motion. A motion that remains tabled without
     discussion for more than six months is considered to have failed.

   Making a Motion

     A motion is a proposal that the GCCC take action, or that it express
     itself as holding certain opinions. A motion may be made by any regular
     Member of the GCCC in good standing. Motions do not need to be delivered
     in writing except as specified in the Bylaws; however, it is suggested
     that motions of major importance be written for clarity and accuracy.

     A motion must be seconded before it may be considered.

     In most instances, a motion will be proposed, seconded, discussed, and
     voted on without any further complications. However this isn't always the
     case. The following actions may occur during discussion; if any occur,
     they must be voted on before a vote on the original motion may occur.

       An amendment to the original motion,

       A motion to table the original motion,

       A motion to refer the original motion for further study.

     No motion is in order that conflicts with the avowed object or purpose
     of the GCCC, or concerns a subject over which the GCCC has no
     jurisdiction.

     When a motion has been made, the Chair must consider it to determine
     whether it is in order.

   Debating a Motion

     Unless ruled out of order by the Chair, a motion made and seconded is
     stated to the meeting and becomes a subject for discussion and decision.

     When moved, seconded and stated to the meeting, a motion cannot be
     withdrawn or ignored except as noted below. The motion can be resolved
     only in the following manner:

       The original mover asks for permission from the meeting members to
       have the motion withdrawn.

       No other member can ask to have a motion withdrawn; or

       The motion is tabled; or

       The motion is resolved by vote.

   Voting

     A motion is decided by majority vote of Members present at the General
     Meeting, except as specified in Article 1, Section 3.

     Voting may be done by the use of ballots or a show of hands.

     Members cannot be compelled to vote on a motion, however, they should be
     encouraged to do so.

     The Chair of the meeting shall not normally vote, except in the event of a
     tie. This will help to preserve the impartiality of the Chair.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS Meetings

   General

     Meetings shall be held on an as-needed basis, but must be held at least
     quarterly. Meetings time and place are designated by the President.

     No actions shall be taken by the Board of Directors unless a quorum is
     assembled.

     Board of Directors meetings shall be held informally, and need not
     follow strict parliamentary procedure.

     All meetings shall have minutes taken and passed to the Secretary, as
     specified in Article IX, Section 1.

     Only Board of Directors members may attend Board of Directors meetings,
     except as specified in the Bylaws, or by invitation of any Board of
     Directors member.

   Special Board of Directors Meetings

     If the President deems immediate action necessary, a Special Board of
     Directors meeting may be called. If it is possible to resolve the issue
     at a regular Board of Directors meeting, a Special Board of Directors
     meeting is inappropriate.

     A Special Board of Directors Meeting may be conducted using:

       Telephone conference call; Electronic conference

       Decisions made at Special Board of Directors meetings are subject to
       review at following regular Board of Directors meetings.

       Minutes are not necessary, but a record of decisions made must be kept.

   Voting

     A motion is decided by majority vote of Board of Directors members. All
     Board of Directors members get one vote.

     The President may cast a tie-breaking vote when necessary.

     If the President is not present and there is a tie, the Vice President
     may cast a tie-breaking vote.

     Board of Directors members not present may have their vote cast by proxy.

